hi everyone welcome to tea time when
Tovah
I'm your host Toby Palomino and today's
guest is the lovely
mr. James Lam how are you doing I don't
know multi-talented your fans like to
know a little bit about your background
yeah fans know I used to that okay cool
so my background I born and raised in
Florida okay a graduate of Florida A&M
University I really started out in the
solo film entertainment thing writing
directing a song plays on my church
growing up got the college majored in
business administration did a lot of
student government pledged Alpha Phi
Alpha and I also auditioned for his web
series and college call my brother's
keeper
oh so I was acting in my brother's
keeper also known as MBK is actually
still going on right now and just really
got heavily involved in this whole film
process talked about being going to
family which a lot of our viewers may
not know is a HBCU so can you kind of
give us your experience of going to the
HP CEO and how that may be different
from other universities that may not be
actually see you yeah well you know I
first got to say that making the
decision to attend film was the one of
the best decisions that I ever made in
my life so if mu is the number one
historically black college and
university in the nation
it sits on the highest of Seven Hills
and you know when it's all said and done
they can only be one number one and
that's Florida agricultural Academy
Merson really family was the place that
Coach but I cultivated a lot of really
fan you may be the man that I am to
dance oh how long have you been in LA
for years for four years for long dues
and have you done anything besides
acting I don't know yeah I
when I first got to LA I started out in
production I was in LA for two weeks and
I landed an internship working on takers
I read so many Screen Gems so that
internship turned into a two-year
position at Sony I went from intern to a
production assistant at a funeral rolled
over to the movie priests and then
eventually I was working as an assistant
to an executive and senior vice
president in charge of production at
Screen Gems on the film Burlesque yes
everything that I learned about the
filmmaking business I learned during my
time working at somebody you know just
really has all right so why is act like
a silly question and my silly question
to you is if you are stuck on an island
what is the one item you would you would
need to have not you just talked about
being a filmmaker your experience here
in LA and what a lot of people may not
know is that you're also a director you
have a new project coming out called
Tula and it's being filmed in Cape Town
South Africa so can you tell us a little
bit about that so I have a friend by the
name of Jamila big she's the writer
producer and also one of the actresses
in the film Jamila was the star of my
first short film that I shot here and I
like Coco love and I also directed
jameelah and a web series on the name of
debt collectors and so her producer
partner Caitlyn mother is from k-town
and so they were planning a trip over
there and they decided hey why not shoot
a film trimly excited about it because
it's a drama and I've been doing a lot
of comedy school is my first drama that
I've directed since my first feature
film Germany Heather Reed oh and also
congrats on your your nomination for NBC
the hypnotists being on the short cuts
how do you feel about that is this a
blessing because the intimacies is a
very special project
I mentioned the producer of that
particular series it was written created
and directed by Jacques Richards who was
primary
an actor but he's also a phenomenal
writer and director and when I read it
my first thought was people need to see
oh so it's a finalist and NBC shortcuts
and we actually found out very soon if
we want and if we win that competition
we actually get a deal with NBC where I
che will be able to write a show for NBC
and if they like it they'll purchase the
show so it could be a good opportunity
to continue to produce write and also
hopefully act with Jay cast me in the
show yeah but a great opportunity to
work with a great network like NBC so
okay well I know that you have a project
called flying with bees
can you tell us a little bit more about
that yes fine would be so that's my
passion project okay I just want to I'm
excited about everything that I'm doing
right now but flying bees is the thing
that's most dear to my heart
ock you see ants that pretty much is the
mix between MCB shoe life and Oprah's
master class so you know Oprah's master
classes where she takes legends from
Maya Angelou herself Sidney pottier
and they pretty much share their journey
the things they learned along the way
and they talked about their story in the
process well wouldn't it be powerful to
take people like yourself people like
myself and our peers
we're future legends we're on our way to
be legends all right we're also we're
pretty much in a struggle right now okay
and I thought that it would be just a
good thing to be able to sit down people
and to show what they're doing people
are actually doing something with the
whole concept of what you do a knife can
be the determining factor with those
watching you will achieve I can show
what Tobi's doing to Los Angeles to
pursue her dream I've she created her
own show her home project
mica show the struggles the triumphs the
successes yeah the leaps of faith the
sacrifices that potentially if someone
watches that show watches that project
but they'll be inspired to do the same
and they'll say what am I doing with my
life
Yoshii
you surely I can't sue so what can
potential fans find you how can how can
potential fans find you on the social
networks
let's say sets of friends potential
friends ah potential friends can find me
on Facebook facebook.com
backslash what is my facebook no I think
it's cold okay such a bunny on Facebook
you know you just search James Blaine
okay I'm also on Twitter okay they are
bland and follow my blog flying bees
calm thank you so much for coming on the
show and hopefully I get to hear from
you soon and maybe we'll do a show about
like your experience after South Africa
and then sit down again and talk about
it so I'm definitely excited about it
but thank you guys for watching tea time
with Toba i'm your host to a palomino
and my guest thank you so much for
coming mr. James bland and stay tuned
for more bye